Added installation instructions for Scoop (#68)
google/osv-scanner: README.md

### Installation Process
You may download the [SLSA3](https://slsa.dev) compliant binaries for Linux, macOS, and Windows from our [releases page](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/releases).

> #### Windows
> 
> On Windows, you can install this using the [Scoop](https://scoop.sh/) package manager by running:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Package Managers

If you're a [**Windows Scoop**](https://scoop.sh) user, then you can install osv-scanner from the [official bucket](https://github.com/ScoopInstaller/Main/blob/master/bucket/osv-scanner.json):
```

Reviewer: Following how ripgrep shows installation instructions.
